[Music]
marry dinkles eyes were the color of
muddy puddles her only friends were the
noblesse from her favorite cartoon
Jewish chance some friend Mary had an
idea
dear mr. Harlan I am 8 years old
hahahaha it would be great if you could
write back and be my friend dear Mary
thank you for the letter I have never
met anyone from Australia I share my
home with a fish a parakeet an invisible
friend called mr. ravioli people often
confuse me I have trouble understanding
them maybe this is why I don't have any
friends your friends need a vigil I can
you help me yeah Mary do you like
chocolate hot dogs why do babies come
from in America do they come from color
kids have you got a girl for next can
you explain black
[Music]
DMX I don't think my parents liked it
people often think I attacked with some
broad I cannot understand how being
honest can be improper you are my best
friend my only friend
[Music]
PS did you know that turtles can breathe
through their anuses
[Music]
okay Mary
you have a favorite sounding word
Papadopoulos
[Music]
Mary and max
you